I'm right here with Brandon Brandon is
an actor at screen world who plays an
outside what is your job description uh
I would say zombie but i'm more of a
carny I guess funny got an undead carne
undead carne okay and I make fun of a
lot of people I'd throw a lot of
one-liners out a comic relief I guess
I'm also a distraction for some of the
other okay oh they're zombies and how
many years have you worked at stream
screamworld nuh-uh I believe it's been
three years this be my third year okay
now is do you does your character have a
name no not at all not that I know of
okay and has your character always been
kind of this wild corny kind of Kerala
my character has always been boisterous
uh-huh always had somewhat of kearney
feel but I've went from vampire to
kearney to zombie eating my own flesh it
really changes every night so Oh every
night yeah ok I'm something different
always but I've always got a boisterous
make fun of people type attitude ok now
we're always making fun of people is
that something that emerged um I think
it kind of started when when I first
started working in haunted houses simply
because we were told not to interact
with the customers and everybody
developed a growl or everybody developed
a scare of some sort and I didn't find
that natural or easy it I'm not more
natural for me to smack talk to people
right so that's it kind of developed
over time and how do you decide who to
pick on usually I don't go for the
person who's the most scared even though
they may be an initial target they pick
on someone else in the crowd or that
someone else with them I try and find
the most interactive person that's going
to cause the most of a scene around them
not only for me to possibly break away
and scare someone in the vicinity but so
that someone else can also come in
behind the behind them like you distract
as well I'll creep up
distraction for either myself or for
some woman someone else to sneak up
behind you I got you okay hey hi drilldo
creator and where do you see your
character going um honestly I I think
he's I think he's where he's supposed to
be I can always do more I can always I
change it so much that I think I've got
a well-done amount of characters that
i'll simply develop more characters yeah
man I don't think that it's going to go
any further per se great but it will
branch off into more sure differences
variations and does your character have
a backstory why is your character the
way it is it's kind of hard to say i
started working and as the market Assad
in one of in an attraction and he was
very vocal and very boisterous if
anybody knows anything about the Marquis
de saúde and he was locked away for
insanity and things that he had written
so I kind of grew from that outwardly
and voicing my opinions and voicing what
was going on around me so he kind of
grew from there all right
so what song for tonight what's your
agenda tonight is as an easy night it's
it's the only a couple of hours so I'm
taking this slow i'm annoying kids with
fake rubber mice so we're good oh good i
braid and I got a rubber mousie I just
handed out about five of them so I think
we're good I'm just kind of playing
playing thumb actually so kind of taking
it down give it a little bit of a rest
and I kind of get my voice ready for
tomorrow so I got a full day of work
tomorrow so yeah the voice is the voice
must be difficult to maintain it is and
depending on which character i'm working
with it does more damage my throat than
than others voice i'm using tonight's
real easy real light it's kind of you
know pushing through here and kind of
growl through your throat right you kind
of you know just kind of get in here
right mutti and do something crazy any
kind of use different parts of your face
declutter your throat to alter voice
yeah i got you i will get some shots of
you in action tonight sounds good
alright thanks